# An application for temporal measurement and calculation of labor costs in ASP.Net and PostgreSQL

## Introduction
This project was made as part of a Database theory course at [University of Zagreb](https://www.unizg.hr/), [Faculty of organization and informatics in Varaždin](https://www.foi.unizg.hr/hr). The task was to create an application that would use the temporal features of sql to present a standard work setting management of labor costs, project administration etc. The chosen technology for the project was an ASP.Net web application running Razor frontend, and the programming lagugages used were C#, HTML, CSS, a bit ov Javascript. In terms of the database, it was created using PostgreSQL due to its advanced time features, simplicity and my personal experience with it.

## Repo structure
The structure of the repository is a standard folder structure for any ASP.Net project. The model folder contains the used models (classes) for every table in the database, which basically represents any object in the systems that translates to real-world subjects (employees, clients etc.) or other objects common to a workplace. The basic idea is a small fake IT company, which consists of its employees who have their roles, the companys clients, projects and so on. All of the data in the database was generated using [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/). Note that all the model, page and other names are in Croatian language. Inside the pages folder you can find (you won't believe it) all the different pages. Usually for a table in the database there is an implementations of the basic read-write features you would expect to have when working with a database. Every page displays a certain table in the database, and allows editing, deleting or adding a new entry in the table via buttons above the mentioned table. Adding has its own page, and editing or deleting has its own page. Inside the wwwroot folder you can find the css file.

## Running the app
It is suggested to run the app inside its original creation environment VisualStudio 2022. In order for the app to work, you will need to use the baza.sql script which is located in the root folder to create the database on your computer. You can probably google a way to do so on your own. After that, just open the project in VS, select the green triangle on the top with http next to it, and then copy the link (http://localhost:5066/) into your preferred web browser (NOTE: suggested protocol is http, because some browsers won't allow you to run the app with the https protocol).
